So now let's take a look at the anatomy of a job in our config file.
Remember that a job is where we define the work that needs to be done.
So let's take a look at the top level of our job definition.
First of all, we're going to notice that we have a job name.
So I can't stress this too much,
that the names that we choose need to be expressive and helpful for future developers.
Needs to describe the goal of what's going to happen here.
So in this case,
we know that this job is all about linting the front end.
If you look at the actual script that's being run,
you can see that's basically what's happening now,
we can probably assume that build means linting as well,
but it's changing into the directory of the front end.
It's installing the MPM packages and it's running the build.
We also have an environment section,
where we can actually define environment variables from the job level.
This is important if the script or the code that's running
inside of your job actually needs some environment variable.
So you can see here I've defined an environment variable called code,
it's got a 123 as a value.
So then here I've got an echo that's just referencing that environment variable.
Now, when you're designing your jobs,
you need to think about what Docker image you want to use each time.
If you're like me, you've got a handful of favorites.
Each Docker image comes preloaded with utilities
and packages you might need for different situations.
This Docker image on this job is using node version 13 as you can see.
CircleCI has several Docker images that
are prepackaged that work really well with their system.
You can also use pretty much any Docker image that is available on the web, Docker Hub.
So I'm going to select this,
we should highlight the same occurrence and other places in my code,
and let's just scroll down a little bit and see if we can see what
other jobs are using the same image or what jobs use something different.
So there's the same node 13.
Node 13, this is a very popular image in this configuration.
We get down here to the deploy infrastructure,
and we can actually see that we're using Amazon AWS CLI,
this is another image.
This image just happens to come preloaded with
the CLI tool and the different things that it needs like Python and PIP.
We can also see in this job that we're using the branches configuration option.
This allows us to say that this job should only be run on certain branches.
So we can either include or exclude branches,
we can use wildcards.
So you can see here that this should only be run on master or by regular expression,
any branch that starts with RC dash.
Think of the steps in your job as a task list.
Each step will perform some instructions and
then move on to the next step until they've all been executed.
Each step has a type.
So we can see a few types here.
This is a checkout step type.
It's really just an alias.
Behind the scenes, it's going to get and it's doing
a checkout on the branch that we're using right now.
Run, as you can imagine,
is just going to run whatever I've got here as a shell script.
We can see a persist to workspace step type that allows us
to send a certain file or folder to a shared area.
Here we can see another step type that's actually a command.
If you remember, we have
a destroy environment command at the top of our configuration file here,
destroy environment, that takes in two parameters,
workflow ID and event.
As you go through this configuration file,
you'll notice that all of the jobs pretty much have the same configuration,
the same layout, the same design.
It's pretty much every time a name,
a Docker image, and some steps.
Everything else is just extra.